Update migration instructions to be more precise regarding getUsernam… (#1804)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/migrate-from-0-11-to-0-12.md

1. **Verify that the basic auth functionality works** by running `wasp start` and successfully signing up / logging in with each of the auth methods.
1. **Update your JS/TS code** to work correctly with the new auth.

>   You might want to use the new auth helper functions to get the `email` or `username` from a user object. For example, `user.username` might not work anymore for you, since the `username` obtained by the username & password auth method isn't stored on the `User` entity anymore (unless you are explicitly storing something into `user.username`, e.g. via `userSignupFields` for a social auth method like Github). Same goes for `email` from email & pass auth method. Instead, you can now use `getUsername(user)` to get a username obtained from username & password auth method, or `getEmail(user)` to get an email obtained from email & password auth method. Read more about the helpers in the [Auth Entities - Accessing the Auth Fields](auth/entities#accessing-the-auth-fields) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You might want to use the new auth helper functions to get the `email` or `username` from a user object. For example, `user.username` might not work anymore for you, since the `username` obtained by the Username & Oassword auth method isn't stored on the `User` entity anymore (unless you are explicitly storing something into `user.username`, e.g. via `userSignupFields` for a social auth method like Github). Same goes for `email` from Email auth method. 
  
 Instead, you can now use `getUsername(user)` to get the username obtained from Username & Password auth method, or `getEmail(user)` to get the email obtained from Email auth method.
 
 Read more about the helpers in the [Auth Entities - Accessing the Auth Fields](auth/entities#accessing-the-auth-fields) section.
```

Reviewer: I'd maybe split it across multiple lines if possible and use the `Username & Password` and `Email`  nomenclature from the sidebar <img width="351" alt="Screenshot 2024-02-22 at 17 07 56" src="https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/assets/2223680/6f7082a7-3043-46d2-8027-3f5ff857f547">
